foreign
[Music]
just like me
j-top I mean kind of oh who's a nice
little plant he's growing a little plant
it's so cute and sweet and it's my
little friend as we water it our level
goes up oh a little butt has appeared
finally I have a friend usually a little
butt up here a little bud not butt oh
geez get your mind out of the gutter oh
yeah that's the Mario plant Crisco pet
him go stand next to him real quick
so scary he must feed Chris he must feed
feed me Seymour right okay he doesn't
want water anymore though he wants a
little slime oh come on buddy what
should his name be Sebastian Crenshaw
elbow I like elbow his name's elbow
elbow
he threw up a lot of stuff but none of
it was money then I pooped twice let's
give him some more slime here you go
buddy so the slime's got some cool Downs
oh okay can we just surround him with
slime give him like a feast he would
never forget look at all these slimes
hold on a sec when he eats the Slime he
swallows it like he has a digestive
system look he does it goes all the way
down that's how he grows he's a growing
boy Chris he needs his goo and his slime
the money is his poop
confusing Chris sorry I guess we're
spending his poop then he vomits his
poop he's a plant all right I'm so
confused Let's see we got slimes oh dude
that guy looks familiar he's getting it
hungry oh we have more abilities too hey
we gotta upgrade our stem so we can
support a bigger head over it all right
head so we can to pray at once score but
if you
he's not even hungry anymore he's just
eating to eat that's going straight to
his thighs he doesn't have thighs his
stem thighs what's the difference his
pocket and big yo sorry we can't all
look like those Hollywood plants gosh
you should try oh rude goblins ah heck
yeah
hi nice to meet you my name is Gary the
goblin do you want to jump rope or hang
out or high five I brought you a ham
sandwich
or Gary it's so fun when it doesn't
happen to me hi my name is Billy if you
met my brother Gary he's a hell yeah I
know I wish it was a Christmas game
there was a ninja that's basically you I
am like a ninja except I don't know I
feel like it's ninjas would fart quieter
he's over there it's Gary and Mary are
you going you can't escape me a little
Berry Gary Mary and Larry if you see
monthly confused I'm just I'm getting it
ready A Feast for him so I want to get
us up to level six I'm running out of
names that rhyme with Gary
no no no
[Music]
[Applause]
eat 20 goblins eat 25 goblins eight
thirds
oh
need a logger
loggers too those are stem that's just
weights okay just upgrade all that all
right yeah
oh my God I would scream so loud oh no
they still keep walking over oh they're
stupid I mean level seven is that a
farmer that's the father are they just
like daring each other like yeah oh my
God give you five gold if you run past
him Bro Look at that he's got a three E
I think that's like a triple kill or
something oh wow Heather's grown
just like you your head just keeps
growing but the rest of you not so much
need more coin crud muffin Chris crud
muffin hey language sorry now I curse
like a farmer three eats
there's four
combo breaker
[Laughter]
[Music]
now I'm just a simple country farmer I
believe in wholesome organic ingredients
and I believe it on again
dance parties oh he's dead in a mess
level up baby
yeah it should have been fine I like
that I like the announcement about like
crazy
spectacular eating spree oh Mommy it's
so scary they're kind of your mommy's
Farmers you can't stop you from eating
by my big beautiful plant name what's
Elva that's his name I forgot searchable
height and abilities
oh my goodness okay well that's awesome
as butt oh how much gold did that give
us a million special prey
uh yes please
whoa is that Terminator RoboCop I don't
know what that was a little monkeys
it's just a prisoner where are we are we
gonna pitch this one's a little fat
dragon extraterrestrials
he got a big belly his hungry that's not
Santa plays for presents he skims a
little off the top
there's a good elbow oh they wanna eat
skeletons
those bones I mean you guys are gonna
crack them all beneath the delicious
marrow inside what bone marrow Chris
it's good for you oh I don't know I'm
gonna eat your bones next if you don't
stop it don't eat my bones oh no I'm
slowly turning into my hero Mr Burns
get that gold for me little buddy you
gonna get it you're just gonna stand
there I left those little point of him
let's get the bones for the gold get the
gold get it what what is this we got a
deluge yo there we go now we're cooking
yeah excellent what's our record nine in
one bite oh sorry I'm getting full too
what was that sorry I I am also eating a
bunch of goblins and skeletons and stuff
off camera just a weird coincidence
makes me burp oh look at him go go for
the record no six six oh dance party oh
good that'll distract them like okay
watch this I'm going right six come on
again come on man oh dang it do I get a
tongue taxes can I just eat the tax
collector I mean my my account I didn't
realize told me no to that question last
week but still no oh no just hit me yeah
he just shot something at you the turd
all your things sticking them oh they're
getting stuck to my little tendril
sticky pitcher okay sticky liquid yeah
Maya mind if I do oh for five minutes is
auto spawning them yes please
store limit okay I got through my dangle
spray seventh pray hey there we go yeah
damn whoa now we're talking
oh foreign
[Music]
I'd like to hire you to be Ethan oh you
really got them in the fine print or not
I think I always got to read the fine
print summon and pop on fire there we go
18. oh my God and a dance party because
I better not be taken away from my time
oh it is annoying struck locations I
look for an eye making spell oh I think
we're gonna have to manually click on
where I want them to eat get out of my
way everybody I'm running out of time
here
and just that meal we from like 11 to
like 600. awesome oh you see it all by
himself oh he's got an eyeball oh gross
it's so freaky he's got beautiful lashes
though my goodness it's so weird this
Money Stop Dancing and eat my eyes this
is like those eye drop commercials my
eyes literally on fire try this eye
drops that did nothing
this is a zombie delicious not crowd
yeah upgrade her head some more we can
have 15. oh
look at all those bones vomiting look
Tommy got kicked out of KFC because they
kept vomiting enough bones like sir
you're not supposed to eat the bones and
I said how much bones came out of my
mouth and then John KFC was like get out
of my slime
I don't even know I'm talking about
anymore I'm a Hyatt
oh getting them zombies ooh coin drop
free seven years I was like why I don't
want any zombies they're like it's the
same thing with skeletons they're like
work they drop more coins oh I was just
wondering what this musical thing is
that's the part that's the dance party
okay I just figured it out this whole
time going like who's dead
I'm sweating summon this thing look at
him go oh dang it I was getting directed
by my dance party here we go
there's something wiggling inside we got
a tongue finally oh it's one of the
tongue
a magician they attacked me oh but
they're worth a lot though okay all
right let's see what you do Mr Fireball
do it come on oh God that hurts so much
oh where's our help that's a good
question
what the hell is this oh the far more
farmer is just so confused I don't know
what's going on I'm just trying to get
some corn
too far away he just sticks his tongue
out
[Music]
the inventor of the toilet
oh Dodge that fireball like a pro three
[Applause]
I'm doing this
miss me miss me now you gotta finish it
right now let's target into the the
magician I'm a magician gargoyle oh
from the cartoon eat them eat them oh
those gar girls are shooting at me cut
it out ow oh shoot at me all right I
mean Shield or something yeah she chill
for a minute all right
of the mouth
The Shield is not worth the last like
five seconds the time for Grand Finale
activate everything
[Music]
yeah once he's finally we've already hit
the record oh my God yes eat the monks
and the prisoners and the cyborgs hit
them all there's one more sticky pitcher
now I don't like this we're gonna touch
what is going on oh we got another
Sticky Thing okay sweet I'll say these
stick names
they're not the biggest plant leave a
like if you guys enjoy one of your
magnitude these guys we've got coming up
is that a football player
Broncos
I know there's a foot and a ball in it
you're out of your mind we'll see you
next time bye love you
Chris that was terrible dancing I'm
sorry I'm not a real dancer spent all
that money on twerk lessons for you and
it clearly didn't pay off